Update links article (#321)
MicrosoftDocs/Contribute: Contribute/how-to-write-links.md

## Links from one article to another

> To create an inline link from a Docs technical article to another Docs technical article within the same *docset*, which is the set of files in a repo that are published to the same root URL, use the following link syntax:

Reviewer: "root URL" is itself nebulous -- it could be https://docs.microsoft.com

- An article links to another article in the same directory:

  `[link text](article-name.md)`

- An article links to an article in the parent directory of the current directory:

  `[link text](../article-name.md)`

- An article links to an article in a subdirectory of the current directory:

>   `[link text](./directory/article-name.md)` or `[link text](directory/article-name.md)`

Reviewer: I suggest we only show the preferred form here rather than both.
```suggestion
  `[link text](directory/article-name.md)`
```

- An article links to an article in a subdirectory of the parent directory of the current directory:

  `[link text](../directory/article-name.md)`

- An article links to an article in a different docset (even if in the same repository):

>    `[link text](/docset-root/directory/article-name)`

Reviewer: "Docset-root" is nebulous, a concrete example would help.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > None of the above examples use the `~/` as part of the link. To link to a path at the root of the repository, start the link with `/`. Including the `~/` produces invalid links when navigating the source repositories on GitHub. Starting the path with `/` resolves correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> None of the above examples use the `~/` as part of the link. To link to an absolute path that begins at the root of the repository, start the link with `/`. Including the `~/` produces invalid links when navigating the source repositories on GitHub. Starting the path with `/` resolves correctly.
```

  `[link](#the-text-of-the-H2-section-separated-by-hyphens)`
  `[Create cache](#create-cache)`

- To link to an anchor in another article in the same directory:

  `[link text](article-name.md#anchor-name)`
  `[Configure your profile](media-services-create-account.md#configure-your-profile)`

> - To link to an anchor in another directory:

Reviewer: This is really no different, in both cases the only difference is adding the fragment.  Suggest we drop this bullet and drop "in the same directory" from the preceding bullet.
